The wind is too strong
The wines on this wine list
One bottle of each.
One bottle as well.
Yes, sir.
You are not kidding.
Order all the wines on this wine list
At least eight digits.
I'm not kidding.
Today, our Gao Shao is the witness.
Mr. Lin, you dare to let me spend eight figures to treat you to a drink?
You play Laozi noble
The wine bill hasn't been calculated yet.
You're broken.
Hey, I just want to teach you
Which pot should go with which lid?
You don't have this ability
Why are you showing off in front of me? Haha
Ladies and gentlemen, I will pay for all the drinks at today's party.
Including the wines on this private wine list
Just pick whatever you want
9 digits base
Feng Laozi is going to fight you
Hey Gao Jianqiang
Today is my birthday
If you want to make trouble
You are not welcome here
Plucking vetch
You, Lin Feng, he is my honored guest
If you speak rudely to him again
Don't blame me for turning against you. I'll sit down for a while.
Sit, sit, sit
Gao Ge
Yunfeng, this stinky boy
It's obviously playing tricks on you